down up up down up up down up down
jessica is the baby whisperer
she is amazing with kids and again
intelligence is a series of conceptually
creative dance and movement programs for
children between the ages of 0 to 5 and
their caregivers there's a variety of
different things we do in the class so
sometimes we're sitting down sometimes
we're dancing standing up so you don't
get that tiredness but it is kind of a
workout if you have a large baby pea
this isn't Dancing with the Stars if you
don't get all the footwork right it
doesn't matter your baby's just happy to
be held in an intelligence class we're
looking at exposing the children to
different types of creative movement as
well as circle dances from all over the
world
we're also interacting in creative play
with different sensory props so scarves
balls working on hand-eye coordination
as well so if Malia goes to Ward's free
but they don't stick together which
direction does Bria have to go backwards
prior to my daughter being born I was
working at as an elementary school
teacher in an early intervention program
in the inner-city and I was teaching
dance recreationally on the side I
really started offering the dance
programs for moms and babies to
basically equal my eaj payments I was
making while I was on maternity leave
but being involved in kind of the surge
of the mompreneur industry really
starting I was really inspired by a lot
of the other women I saw in the industry
as a whole kind of just taking their
business to the next level and I figure
it if they could do it so could I so I
like to rest the baby on my forearm and
then put one underneath their chest so
that I'm able to really move them I have
a lot of different influences and
inspirations a lot of the early
childhood development comes from my own
educational background in early
education with my education degree as
well as other research that I've just
continuously done throughout the year
I do all the web design I do the print
design I do all the studio maintenance
when my second daughter was almost a
year old he did make the decision to
leave his career because he saw so much
potential in the businesses that we were
building it's been a little bit of a
journey for him as well kind of taking
on the more stay-at-home parent role and
balancing the working at home with the
girls but he's done an amazing job and I
really feel as though in terms of being
an involved dad he's a leader in the
community
I almost you know enjoy the fact that
I'm different and that you know kind of
feel like it makes me a little special
because there's not a lot of work at
home dads or stay-at-home dads little
stars twinkling lights my kids love the
programs and all the kids here that come
here have enjoyed them as well there's a
lot of research out there the points
that children who are involved in a
program like Intel adanced have better
social skills they're more expressive
with their own communications they have
higher self esteem better a body
awareness and coordination and usually
do better academically in school now
breath isn't something we can control
with our babies but it's something we
can bring awareness to at them the
response was great and it just keeps
growing I think parents are looking for
a way to get out of the house socialize
with others create that connection but
also learn more about their babies
development and how they can help
establish that at home in a playful fun
way with the amount of sleep that a new
mom gets to come up with all of this and
start a business and grow her business I
really I find it amazing the
intelligence program is in Edmonton for
the last three years have been named the
best Mommy and Me program I also was
named as one of the top 40 under 40 for
this year for Avenue magazine and our
blog the intelligence blog won this
year's of weblog Award for Canada for
the number one education blog
intelligence I think has helped me to be
a better mom
down up down up up let's go the other
way